README.md, before:

# Ludmilla-Mary

## Project Portfolio 1 - Full Stack Development 
## Static Webpage - HTML/CSS

![Am I responsive Screenshot](/assets/readme_images/Am-I-Responsive.png)

## Site Info

* Ludmilla-Mary is designed as a portfolio for a fictional character created by the artist 2fik . The purpose of the website is to encourage people to be fierce by embracing Ludmilla-Mary’s catwalk activism philosophy.  There is also a contact page which can be used to register to Ludmilla-Mary’s newsletter. Ludmilla-Mary’s website lends his character more complexity and anchors him even more in our reality. The website  is a touching, funny and insolent representation of Ludmilla-Mary. 
This website is targeted towards 2fik’s art work supporters who follow Ludmilla-Mary’s tribulations. Ludmilla-Mary’s website will be useful for followers or newcomers to understand  her colorfull world. It is as well a  good illustration for an influencer parody portfolio where laughters are combined with curiosity.

* This is my Project Portfolio 1 submission for Code Institute's Diploma in Web Application Development course. Technologies used include HTML, CSS.



## Index – Table of Contents
* [User Experience (UX)](#user-experience-ux)
* [Features](#features)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Credits](#credits)

## User Experience (UXD)

-   ### User stories

- A first time user experience:  To be intrigued and want to discover who’s Ludmilla-Mary and to understand the motto of Landing page Be Fierce, Be Real, Be Me. The contact form is an invitation to access 
  more  information about the character.
-  Returning user experience: to dive  deeper into the strange world of Ludmilla-Mary  and enjoy  the ironic humor of the website and click to the social media to discover 2fik’s universe.
- Frequent user experience: to consider the website as an artistic curiosity.

- Main Objective: Get  new followers for Ludmilla-Mary and attention to the art work of 2Fik. To achieve our goals, the website muss be easy to navigate,  with a minimalist aesthetic to emphasise the pictures of Ludmilla-Mary illustrated with  text which underline her guerrilla catwalk activism philosophy. Some discret playfully call for action guidance bring the user to navigate furthermore. The skeleton of our design was based on hand made sketched wireframes of the desktop appearance.


  - ### Wireframes

   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3852.jpg)
   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3853.jpg)
   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3854.jpg)
   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3855.jpg)
   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3856.jpg)

   - The sketches indicate a strategy focused on the desktop first. The mobile version was main to be reflected with the flex-box reaction, considering that we have a desktop layout with two columns for all pages - except for Home page and confirmaton page. The idea was to count on the height perspective to pile up our content.
   - The picture as logo was abandonned due to technique difficulties and for a better time management.
   - The social media icons were reduced to 3 and postioned in the center of the footer for aesthetic purpose.
   - A video was added to the page Be Real in order to have a coherence with the page Be fierce.


   ### Issues Faced during development

    - Background-image was often used to avoid resizing issue with the images. But the gallery showed that it could have been possible to work with the chosen structure with the img element.
    - This indicates the possiblity to work later on the visual content to improve the quality of the images and give a better responsive sizing for all devices.
    - The text content once displayed in column required a lot proportions skills to offer a cohesive visual. The actual result is satisfactory but could be improved with more skills and time.
    

  - ### Design

  -   ### Website style
    - The style of the website chosen was 2 formats, one implemting to the Home-page and the Confirmation, the other one for Be Fierce, Be Real and Be Me. The navigation bar and the little expression above the footer allow the user to navigate to each page. The font-familly chosen for the text are the pair Dancing Script and Josefin Sans giving a feminine touch.

-   ### Imagery
    -  The visual cohesion is maintained by the photos that represent constantly Ludmilla-Mary. 

-   ### Colour Scheme
    -  The two dominant colors are pink and wite. The pink theme was taken with the chrome Developer tools color picker from one picture where Ludmilla-Mary is dressed in pink. The yellow and blue color schemes were chosen with the same technique.
 
## Features


### Existing Features



- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Logo, Home page, Gallery and Sign Up page (Be Me) and is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.


  - This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button


   ![Nav Bar](/assets/readme_images/nav_bar.png)



- __The landing page image__

  - The landing includes a background-image, a text with vibrant effect to emphasize the motto - catch phrases - and the main goal of the website. This few line represents the ethos of the website and should make people curious to explore the other pages to find out what its meaning.

 
  ![Landing Page](/assets/readme_images/Home-page-feat.png)



- __Tip__

  - Each page before the footer - except the confirmation registration page - has a little expression, which, if the user clicks, brings him to the next page. It is intentionally discrete so that the user may click by mistake and goes on with his discovery of the website. Otherwise, it has a semantic teasing in those expressions, playfull and welcoming.  


  ![Tip Direction](/assets/readme_images/Tip-direction.png)


 - __The Footer__ 

    - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Ludmilla-Mary, directing the user to the artist 2Fik. It is to be found on every pages. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user. 
    - The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media and in our case to engage with the art work of 2Fik.


    ![Footer](/assets/readme_images/Footer.png)


- __Be Fierce__

   - This page starts with an intro which defines one of the mottos and offers iconic photoshoots from Ludmilla-Mary and cheeky moving thoughts on how to achieve to approach the ethos described in the intro.


   ![Be Fierce](/assets/readme_images/Be-fierce-sample.png)


- __Be Real__ 

  - This page is based on the same model as Be Fierce.


  ![Be Real](/assets/readme_images/Be-Real-sample.png)


 - __Be ME__

   - This page will allow the user to get signed up to Ludmilla-Mary's newsletter to git some tips to engage life with fierce attitude. The user will be able have access to more topics related to Ludmilla's Life. The user has just to enter first name, last name and email address to be registered. 


   ![Be Me](/assets/readme_images/contact-form.png)


   - The contact form provides a drop down details to explain the benefit to subscribe to the newsletter.



   ![Be Me](/assets/readme_images/contact-form-bis.png)



 - __Confirmtion__

   - This page informs the user that he did properly registered to Ludmilla-Mary's newsletter.


   ![Confirmation](/assets/readme_images/confiramation-registration.png)


 - __Gallery__

   - The gallery will provide the user more supporting images to dive Ludmilla-Mary's world. 
   - This section is valuable to the user as they will be able to easily identify the life style and ethos from Ludmilla-Mary. 


   ![Gallery](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-sample.png)


### Features which could be implemented in the future

- Modal Images
  - Clicking on images to increase image size and create focus/zoom on one image
  - Add caption for the  photographers' credits without altering the structure of the gallery
  - Additonal Pages such as :
    - Bio: to give more background about Ludmmilla-Mary
    - Events section: to inform when Ludmilla-Mary performs in the street
    - Video Gallery to extend the portofolio
    - Section with daily tips to be fierce every day

## Testing

### Validator Testing

 - HTML : No errors were detected when passing the site through the official.


  ![HTML VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/Be-Me_HTML.png)
  ![HTML VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-HTML.png)
  ![HTML VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/index-HTML.png)

 - CSS : No errors were detected when passing the site through the official.

 ![CSS VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/Be-me-css.png)
 ![CSS VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-css.png)
 ![CSS VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/index-css.png)

### Lighthouse Testing
 
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Be-fierce-desktop.png)
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Be-Fierce-mobile.png)
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-desktop.png)
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-Mobile.png)
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Home-page-mobile.png)

  - Overall, the site's performances are quite good.


### Browser Compatibility

  - Testing has been carried out on the following browsers :
  - Safari on macOS Ventura (Safari  Version 13.0.1)
  - Chrome Version Version  Version 108.0.5359.124 

### Test Cases and Results

 - Chrome Developer tools and Mozilla Firefox Web Developer Tools were used throughout the development of the site to test functionality, responsive 
    behaviour, alignment correctness etc.
 - To check the respponsive design, I also used (http://www.responsinator.com/) 
 - Site responsivness visualised using [Am I Responsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive)
 - Manual testing on different browsers and devices, those mentionned above and had feedbacks from friends regarding other various devices.


_Nav bar testing_

 - Test each link on the nav bar. Each link took me to the relevant section required, the Logo took me home as expected. The nav bar stayed in place when scrolling ensuring the user has access to navigation at all times. Nav "active" page effect works as expected when clicking between pages and underlines blue.

_Footer testing_

 - Test each social media Icon. Each social media icon link opened the relevant social media website in a new tab as expected when clicked. Footer behaved how I expected appearing at the bottom of the site when the user scrolls or navigates down to the last section (Contact).

_Nav, footer, logo and tip hover effects testing_

 - Test the expected result of the hover effect on the nav links, as well as the social media icon links on the footer and the tips text above the footer. All nav links and social media icons behaved as expected when hovering over with the mouse, all itemes change to yellow and inscreased their font-size.

_Registration Newsletter testing_

 - Test the expected result of filling up the form which sent me to the confirmation page. I checked the drop down text used with the element details. 




## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
 - In the Github repository, navigate to the Settings tab
 - From the source section drop-down menu, select the main branch
 - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment
 - The live link can be found here: (https://bakrydiarra.github.io/Project-1-Portfolio/)

 
## Credits 

### Code
  

- HTML and CSS lessons from [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) were used as guide when designing the site, for example implementing flexbox, background-image properties.

- The motto form the index page is inspired from @Vlt_dev's code. I used his micro structure and color tpye and then I elevated in a bigger model. Here's the original code (https://www.instagram.com/p/Cj7jr7KD5cU/)

- Code Institute materials were used to assist writing README file, such as the [README template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/readme-template) and the [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax

- The Code Institute [Gitpod Full Template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/gitpod-full-template) was used as a template for the gitpod environment.


### Media 

 - The icons used in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
 - The fonts used were imported from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
 - The photos used for the website were procvided by the artist 2Fik.
 - Photograhers:
   - 2fik
   - Richard Rhyme
   - Jeremy Patlen aka _bodies
   - Stephanie Hildebrand
   - Anne Mourier

### Content
 
 - All texts were written by me.

### Acknowledgments

 - Many thanks to my Mentor Antonio Rodriguez for helpful feedback, industry insights and recommended tools.
 - Many thanls to my friends and family for helping me testing the website and for their precious feedbacks.

Commit message:

Add aria-label to iframe and src video to the Readme-md file

README.md, after:

# Ludmilla-Mary

## Project Portfolio 1 - Full Stack Development 
## Static Webpage - HTML/CSS

![Am I responsive Screenshot](/assets/readme_images/Am-I-Responsive.png)

## Site Info

* Ludmilla-Mary is designed as a portfolio for a fictional character created by the artist 2fik . The purpose of the website is to encourage people to be fierce by embracing Ludmilla-Mary’s catwalk activism philosophy.  There is also a contact page which can be used to register to Ludmilla-Mary’s newsletter. Ludmilla-Mary’s website lends his character more complexity and anchors him even more in our reality. The website  is a touching, funny and insolent representation of Ludmilla-Mary. 
This website is targeted towards 2fik’s art work supporters who follow Ludmilla-Mary’s tribulations. Ludmilla-Mary’s website will be useful for followers or newcomers to understand  her colorfull world. It is as well a  good illustration for an influencer parody portfolio where laughters are combined with curiosity.

* This is my Project Portfolio 1 submission for Code Institute's Diploma in Web Application Development course. Technologies used include HTML, CSS.



## Index – Table of Contents
* [User Experience (UX)](#user-experience-ux)
* [Features](#features)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Credits](#credits)

## User Experience (UXD)

-   ### User stories

- A first time user experience:  To be intrigued and want to discover who’s Ludmilla-Mary and to understand the motto of Landing page Be Fierce, Be Real, Be Me. The contact form is an invitation to access 
  more  information about the character.
-  Returning user experience: to dive  deeper into the strange world of Ludmilla-Mary  and enjoy  the ironic humor of the website and click to the social media to discover 2fik’s universe.
- Frequent user experience: to consider the website as an artistic curiosity.

- Main Objective: Get  new followers for Ludmilla-Mary and attention to the art work of 2Fik. To achieve our goals, the website muss be easy to navigate,  with a minimalist aesthetic to emphasise the pictures of Ludmilla-Mary illustrated with  text which underline her guerrilla catwalk activism philosophy. Some discret playfully call for action guidance bring the user to navigate furthermore. The skeleton of our design was based on hand made sketched wireframes of the desktop appearance.


  - ### Wireframes

   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3852.jpg)
   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3853.jpg)
   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3854.jpg)
   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3855.jpg)
   ![Sketch](/assets/readme_images/IMG_3856.jpg)

   - The sketches indicate a strategy focused on the desktop first. The mobile version was main to be reflected with the flex-box reaction, considering that we have a desktop layout with two columns for all pages - except for Home page and confirmaton page. The idea was to count on the height perspective to pile up our content.
   - The picture as logo was abandonned due to technique difficulties and for a better time management.
   - The social media icons were reduced to 3 and postioned in the center of the footer for aesthetic purpose.
   - A video was added to the page Be Real in order to have a coherence with the page Be fierce.


   ### Issues Faced during development

    - Background-image was often used to avoid resizing issue with the images. But the gallery showed that it could have been possible to work with the chosen structure with the img element.
    - This indicates the possiblity to work later on the visual content to improve the quality of the images and give a better responsive sizing for all devices.
    - The text content once displayed in column required a lot proportions skills to offer a cohesive visual. The actual result is satisfactory but could be improved with more skills and time.
    

  - ### Design

  -   ### Website style
    - The style of the website chosen was 2 formats, one implemting to the Home-page and the Confirmation, the other one for Be Fierce, Be Real and Be Me. The navigation bar and the little expression above the footer allow the user to navigate to each page. The font-familly chosen for the text are the pair Dancing Script and Josefin Sans giving a feminine touch.

-   ### Imagery
    -  The visual cohesion is maintained by the photos that represent constantly Ludmilla-Mary. 

-   ### Colour Scheme
    -  The two dominant colors are pink and wite. The pink theme was taken with the chrome Developer tools color picker from one picture where Ludmilla-Mary is dressed in pink. The yellow and blue color schemes were chosen with the same technique.
 
## Features


### Existing Features



- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Logo, Home page, Gallery and Sign Up page (Be Me) and is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.


  - This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button


   ![Nav Bar](/assets/readme_images/nav_bar.png)



- __The landing page image__

  - The landing includes a background-image, a text with vibrant effect to emphasize the motto - catch phrases - and the main goal of the website. This few line represents the ethos of the website and should make people curious to explore the other pages to find out what its meaning.

 
  ![Landing Page](/assets/readme_images/Home-page-feat.png)



- __Tip__

  - Each page before the footer - except the confirmation registration page - has a little expression, which, if the user clicks, brings him to the next page. It is intentionally discrete so that the user may click by mistake and goes on with his discovery of the website. Otherwise, it has a semantic teasing in those expressions, playfull and welcoming.  


  ![Tip Direction](/assets/readme_images/Tip-direction.png)


 - __The Footer__ 

    - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Ludmilla-Mary, directing the user to the artist 2Fik. It is to be found on every pages. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user. 
    - The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media and in our case to engage with the art work of 2Fik.


    ![Footer](/assets/readme_images/Footer.png)


- __Be Fierce__

   - This page starts with an intro which defines one of the mottos and offers iconic photoshoots from Ludmilla-Mary and cheeky moving thoughts on how to achieve to approach the ethos described in the intro.


   ![Be Fierce](/assets/readme_images/Be-fierce-sample.png)


- __Be Real__ 

  - This page is based on the same model as Be Fierce.


  ![Be Real](/assets/readme_images/Be-Real-sample.png)


 - __Be ME__

   - This page will allow the user to get signed up to Ludmilla-Mary's newsletter to git some tips to engage life with fierce attitude. The user will be able have access to more topics related to Ludmilla's Life. The user has just to enter first name, last name and email address to be registered. 


   ![Be Me](/assets/readme_images/contact-form.png)


   - The contact form provides a drop down details to explain the benefit to subscribe to the newsletter.



   ![Be Me](/assets/readme_images/contact-form-bis.png)



 - __Confirmtion__

   - This page informs the user that he did properly registered to Ludmilla-Mary's newsletter.


   ![Confirmation](/assets/readme_images/confiramation-registration.png)


 - __Gallery__

   - The gallery will provide the user more supporting images to dive Ludmilla-Mary's world. 
   - This section is valuable to the user as they will be able to easily identify the life style and ethos from Ludmilla-Mary. 


   ![Gallery](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-sample.png)


### Features which could be implemented in the future

- Modal Images
  - Clicking on images to increase image size and create focus/zoom on one image
  - Add caption for the  photographers' credits without altering the structure of the gallery
  - Additonal Pages such as :
    - Bio: to give more background about Ludmmilla-Mary
    - Events section: to inform when Ludmilla-Mary performs in the street
    - Video Gallery to extend the portofolio
    - Section with daily tips to be fierce every day

## Testing

### Validator Testing

 - HTML : No errors were detected when passing the site through the official.


  ![HTML VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/Be-Me_HTML.png)
  ![HTML VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-HTML.png)
  ![HTML VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/index-HTML.png)

 - CSS : No errors were detected when passing the site through the official.

 ![CSS VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/Be-me-css.png)
 ![CSS VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-css.png)
 ![CSS VALIDATOR](/assets/readme_images/index-css.png)

### Lighthouse Testing
 
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Be-fierce-desktop.png)
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Be-Fierce-mobile.png)
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-desktop.png)
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Gallery-Mobile.png)
 ![Lighthouse](/assets/readme_images/Home-page-mobile.png)

  - Overall, the site's performances are quite good.


### Browser Compatibility

  - Testing has been carried out on the following browsers :
  - Safari on macOS Ventura (Safari  Version 13.0.1)
  - Chrome Version Version  Version 108.0.5359.124 

### Test Cases and Results

 - Chrome Developer tools and Mozilla Firefox Web Developer Tools were used throughout the development of the site to test functionality, responsive 
    behaviour, alignment correctness etc.
 - To check the respponsive design, I also used (http://www.responsinator.com/) 
 - Site responsivness visualised using [Am I Responsive?](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive)
 - Manual testing on different browsers and devices, those mentionned above and had feedbacks from friends regarding other various devices.


_Nav bar testing_

 - Test each link on the nav bar. Each link took me to the relevant section required, the Logo took me home as expected. The nav bar stayed in place when scrolling ensuring the user has access to navigation at all times. Nav "active" page effect works as expected when clicking between pages and underlines blue.

_Footer testing_

 - Test each social media Icon. Each social media icon link opened the relevant social media website in a new tab as expected when clicked. Footer behaved how I expected appearing at the bottom of the site when the user scrolls or navigates down to the last section (Contact).

_Nav, footer, logo and tip hover effects testing_

 - Test the expected result of the hover effect on the nav links, as well as the social media icon links on the footer and the tips text above the footer. All nav links and social media icons behaved as expected when hovering over with the mouse, all itemes change to yellow and inscreased their font-size.

_Registration Newsletter testing_

 - Test the expected result of filling up the form which sent me to the confirmation page. I checked the drop down text used with the element details. 




## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
 - In the Github repository, navigate to the Settings tab
 - From the source section drop-down menu, select the main branch
 - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment
 - The live link can be found here: (https://bakrydiarra.github.io/Project-1-Portfolio/)

 
## Credits 

### Code
  

- HTML and CSS lessons from [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) were used as guide when designing the site, for example implementing flexbox, background-image properties.

- The motto form the index page is inspired from @Vlt_dev's code. I used his micro structure and color tpye and then I elevated in a bigger model. Here's the original code (https://www.instagram.com/p/Cj7jr7KD5cU/)

- Code Institute materials were used to assist writing README file, such as the [README template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/readme-template) and the [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax

- The Code Institute [Gitpod Full Template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/gitpod-full-template) was used as a template for the gitpod environment.


### Media 

 - The icons used in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
 - The fonts used were imported from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
 - The photos used for the website were procvided by the artist 2Fik.
 - Photograhers:
   - 2fik
   - Richard Rhyme
   - Jeremy Patlen aka _bodies
   - Stephanie Hildebrand
   - Anne Mourier
- two youtube videos as iframe were used from the 2fik youtube channel (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrciTBNdC-M&t=2s) and (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGBax4nKIQ0)
### Content
 
 - All texts were written by me.

### Acknowledgments

 - Many thanks to my Mentor Antonio Rodriguez for helpful feedback, industry insights and recommended tools.
 - Many thanls to my friends and family for helping me testing the website and for their precious feedbacks.
